Added additional entries for troubleshooting unhealthy cluster (#119914)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/common-issues/red-yellow-cluster-status.asciidoc

most common causes and their solutions.

[discrete]

> [[fix-cluster-status-only-one-node]]

Reviewer: careful with changing anchors without moving them to another spot. this can break links. we'll see if the docs build without errors

> ===== Single Node Cluster

Reviewer: Always prefer sentence case for headings
```suggestion
===== Single node cluster
```

Reviewer 2: my kingdom for a linter

Author: I'll do that for now on

> {es} will never assign a replica to the same node as the primary shard. If you only have one node it is expected for your cluster to indicate yellow. If you prefer it to be green, then change the <<dynamic-index-number-of-replicas,num_of_replicas>> on each index to be 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{es} will never assign a replica to the same node as the primary shard. A single-node cluster will always have yellow status. To change to green, set <<dynamic-index-number-of-replicas,number_of_replicas>> to 0 for all indices.
```

copyedit for concision

> Similarly if the number of replicas is equal to or exceeds the number of nodes, then it will not be possible to allocate one or more of the shards for the same reason.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, if the number of replicas equals or exceeds the number of nodes, some shards won't be allocated.
```

copyedit for concision

Author: Love it

[discrete]
[[fix-cluster-status-recover-nodes]]
===== Recover lost nodes

Shards often become unassigned when a data node leaves the cluster. This can

> occur for several reasons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
occur for several reasons:
```

> * If you manually restart a node, then it will temporarily cause an unhealthy cluster until the node has recovered.
> 
> * If you have a node that is overloaded or has stopped operating for any reason, then it will temporarily cause an unhealthy cluster. Nodes may disconnect because of prolonged garbage collection (GC) pauses, which can result from "out of memory" errors or high memory usage due to intensive search operations. See <<fix-cluster-status-jvm,Reduce JVM memory pressure>> for more JVM related issues.
> 
> * If nodes cannot reliably communicate due to networking issues, they may lose contact with one another. This can cause shards to become out of sync. You can often identify this issue by checking the logs for repeated messages about nodes leaving and rejoining the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A manual node restart will cause a temporary unhealthy cluster state until the node recovers.

* Node overload or failure causes a temporary unhealthy cluster state. Prolonged garbage collection (GC) pauses, caused by out-of-memory errors or high memory usage during intensive searches, can trigger this state. See <<fix-cluster-status-jvm,Reduce JVM memory pressure>> for more JVM-related issues.

* Network issues can prevent reliable node communication, causing shards to become out of sync. Check the logs for repeated messages about nodes leaving and rejoining the cluster.
```

copyedit for concision

Author: I like these edits but "Node overload or failure causes a temporary unhealthy cluster state" isn't clear to me. 

How do you feel about 

"When a node becomes overloaded or fails, it can temporarily disrupt the cluster’s health, leading to an unhealthy state."

@leemthompo

Reviewer 3: @leemthompo how do you feel about @thekofimensah updates based on your suggestion?

Reviewer 2: lgtm, agree that sentence was a bit too concise :)

After you resolve the issue and recover the node, it will rejoin the cluster.
{es} will then automatically allocate any unassigned shards.

> You can monitor this process by <<cluster-health,checking your cluster health>>. You will see that the number of unallocated shards progressively reduces until green status is reached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can monitor this process by <<cluster-health,checking your cluster health>>. The number of unallocated shards should progressively decrease until green status is reached.
```

PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.low": "90%",
    "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.high": "95%"
  }
}
----
// TEST[s/"30gb"/null/]

> **It is important to note that this is usually a temporary solution and may cause instability if the disk space is not freed up.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
This is usually a temporary solution and may cause instability if disk space is not freed up.
====
```

PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {

>     "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.low": "90%",

Reviewer 3: The test is failing I believe on this update to an example. Do you know if it can take percentages as values?

Author: Yes by default it's "85%" and just confirmed with a cluster of mine

    "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.high": "95%"
  }
}
----
// TEST[s/"30gb"/null/]

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

[IMPORTANT]
```

PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.low": "90%",
    "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.high": "95%"
  }
}
----

> // TEST[s/"30gb"/null/]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// TEST[s/"90%"/null/]
```

This is telling the test to substitute a value in the example. Because the example value was changed, but not the test, the test is failing.
